What do you mean?
If you don't choose, you don't choose
You stinky reader, teach me a lesson
Have a choice
I choose I choose
I choose him.
You are serious
Of course not.
He's a disaster.
Okay, that's the end of today's kiss
Thank you for not disliking it.
I will definitely be a cow and a horse to repay the officials.
Get up!
Ah!
By the way, I still have one or two years old silver.
It was left to me before my mother passed away
Take it and buy some broken rice.
No no
How can a man spend a woman's money?
Don't worry, you will make money in the future, and I will support you.
Lin Yi, get out of here
Village Chief Qin Ling's
You don't listen to the village chief's advice
I have to bring this disaster back
He will kill our entire village
Folks, we have to get him out of the village
To protect our village
Get out get out
Don't come here
Can you roll?
I won't even come over if I fight with you
Don't come and stop fighting
I think I'd better go
I don't want to cause trouble to the officials.
I'll tell you what.
What about me, Lin Yi?
I don't want to stay in this broken village for a long time
Lady let's go
How about tonight?
Let's deal with it in this dilapidated temple
Let me tell you something.
My forestry will definitely make a lot of money
Then marry you back in style
I'm going to let those people know when the time comes.
You are not only not my disaster
Still my lucky star